How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    We can compare the two files and if the previous was working and the other
    was not we can just compare the files and can fix the bug rather tha just 
    rewriting the whole coede again......i remember my first web development
    course days.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I can track my progress with time and can evaluate all the mistakes i  
    have done earlier than i should not have done.....and this way i would
    not make the same mistakes again and can improve on my skills.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    the pros of having manually choosing b/w google docs and git would be that
    as a programmer i better know abt myself and if its my call to say wheather
    the change is too big or too small and when i want to save it  ..... and 
    the con i think would be sometimes we just forget to commit or are too 
    lazy to commit and at that time the update feature would be too handy.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	Because git was designed keeping in mind the programmers aspect of creating 
	commits .... so that;s why google doc treats each file separately and git
	does not....

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log gives the changes with the id's and then we use the git diff and 
    with the help of these id's we can see the difference between the commit's.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    i can get to the older version quite easily(annoying....)

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I'll use it to first learn the javascript course for which i am learning git..
    and after time ill figure out what to do...

we need the changes evrywhere